[Music]
look out here come eight mystery riddles
that will strain your brain I have eight
riddles so hard that they'll make your
brain boil are you up for the challenge
I'm not sure my brain is but let's go
number one for pills your poor grandma
has the flu and got a prescription from
the doctor he gave her four pills to
will reduce her fever and the other two
will relieve her cough the problem is
that granny mixed up the pills and they
all look and smell exactly the same
right now she needs to take one fever
and one coughed pill can you help her
take the right medications you have 15
seconds to help your dear old
grandmother well there's no way of
knowing which pill is which so your only
option is to cut them all in half and
let her take one half of each pill
grandma will be so grateful number two
all in the family a famous singer filed
a lawsuit against a paparazzo who she
claimed was crossing boundaries into her
personal life when it was time for the
big day in court it turned out that the
prosecuting and defense lawyers knew
each other actually one of them was the
father of the other son how is that
possible
you've got 15 seconds to detangle these
twisted family ties
well if you were making up words and
calling this lawyer his second grand
cousin or something perhaps for the
creativity but you were wrong the
lawyers are simply married to each other
the wife was up against the father of
her son
number three secure delivery Jill and
Liz live miles apart from each other and
they love sending each other presents in
the mail this time jill has a special
gift for Liz a gold bracelet with their
initials of course she doesn't want this
precious item to get lost or stolen so
she got a lock to secure the gift box
safely the problem is that Liz doesn't
have the key to Jill's lock she has her
own lock the key to which Jill doesn't
have Jill can't send the lock box and
the key together obviously do you think
it's possible for them to somehow get
the bracelet delivered securely I hope
you can help these besties out within 15
seconds
[Music]
where there's a will there's a way
a very complicated way Jill should send
the package with her own lock on it once
Liz gets it she should simply add her
own lock to the box and send it back to
Jill so now it has two locks on it when
Jill gets the package she simply takes
her lock off leaving Liz's on and sends
it back to Liz Liz will now receive the
package with only her lock on it
Oh a number for the clock strikes
midnight the clock strikes six times at
six o'clock the first and last strike
are 30 seconds apart can you tell how
long it'll take the clock to strike
twelve times at midnight you're 15
seconds on the clock
start now did you decide 60 seconds that
would be too simple now wouldn't it of
course that's wrong the correct answer
is 66 seconds there were five intervals
between six strikes at six o'clock if we
divide 30 by five we'll see that each
interval between two strikes lasts six
seconds there will be 11 of these
intervals at midnight so it'll take the
clock 66 seconds to strike 12 times at
midnight nice try
maybe you'll get it the next time number
five
murder at the mansion on Sunday
afternoon mr. James was found dead
outside his mansion buried under the
snow
Oh Oh Frosty the Snowman did it no okay
never mind noticing him the gardener
informed James wife who immediately
called the police the police asked
everybody in the house what they had
been doing before the body was found and
got the following alibis the gardener
had been shoveling snow off the walkway
of the property the maid had been making
the bets the chef had been making
breakfast the wife had been reading a
book while waiting for her breakfast the
son had been having a long hot shower
the daughter had been sitting near the
fireplace
later that day two of them were arrested
who were there think it over
you've got 15 seconds the wife and the
chef killed mr. jenks how did the police
guess well who makes and waits for
breakfast in the afternoon number six
Sam's birthday Sam is a truly special
young lady she was just 17 the day
before yesterday next year she'll be 20
already what's her secret you've got 15
seconds to figure out this girl's
mysterious aging
Sam's not a time traveler or anything
she was born on December 31st so if
today is January 1st it's correct to say
that she was 17 on the day before
yesterday she turned 18 the next day
she'll be 19 on the last day of this
year and next year she'll be 20 and
that's how Sam gets a lot of dates
number seven
stuck in the middle its Fitness day at
school and all the children ran the same
distance each kid was ranked according
to his or her own unique result Billy
turned out to be both the fiftieth
fastest and the fiftieth slowest runner
how many kids are there at billy school
piece of cake right I'll still give you
15 seconds Justin cakes
[Music]
even though 100 sounds like a clear-cut
answer it's actually 99 Billy is 50th in
the sequence from 1 to 50 of the fastest
runners if he's the 50th slowest there
has to be 99 runners ranked from 50 to
99 number 8 the resourceful goldsmith a
king invited a famous astrologer to his
palace in order to read his future in
the stars
the astrologer agreed to come at a price
he said he would show up on any day of
the month and the king would have to pay
him on the spot in goal he demanded an
amount of gold in ounces corresponding
to the date of his visit the king agreed
so he ordered the goldsmith to make gold
pieces weighing from 1 to 31 ounces the
king was expecting to see 31 pieces but
only got 5 instead how much did each
piece way since this one involves some
you've got 30 seconds to solve it this
clever Goldsmith made five easily
combined able pieces of gold instead of
31 individuals they weighed one two four
eight and 16 ounces with these weights
the King could give the astrologer a 1
and 2 ounce piece on the third day or 4
day 15 he could give the astrologer
pieces weighing one two four and eight
ounces on the thirtieth day
the astrologer would get pieces weighing
two four eight and sixteen all the other
dates would be possible to weigh in gold
too so how many of these riddles did you
crack please share with us in the
comment section challenge your friends
to solve them too by sharing this video
with them don't forget to give it a like
if it was a fun challenge for you and in
case you're new to our channel subscribe
to be the first to see all our awesome
updates join us on the bright side of
life
you